docs: update q to kiro, fixed typos on mcp server tools (#2186)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-mcp-server/v0.3.x/docs/mcp-server/deploy.mdx

</Tab>

<Tab heading="Kiro">

1. Verify [Kiro CLI](https://kiro.dev/docs/cli/) or [Kiro IDE](https://kiro.dev/downloads/) is installed.

> 1. Verify MCP support is configured, refer to the [Kiro CLI MCP documentation](https://kiro.dev/docs/cli/mcp/) or [Kiro IDE MCP documentation](https://kiro.dev/docs/mcp/) for more information. For Kiro IDE, enable MCP support via **Settings** (`Cmd+,` / `Ctrl+,`) and search for "MCP".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Verify MCP support is configured, refer to the [Kiro CLI MCP documentation](https://kiro.dev/docs/cli/mcp/) or [Kiro IDE MCP documentation](https://kiro.dev/docs/mcp/) for more information. 

    For Kiro IDE, enable MCP support by pressing the `Cmd+,` or `Ctrl+,` keys to open the **Settings** page, then search for MCP.
```
I would prefer that we let Kiro document how to enable MCP support, but I won't die on this hill.

> 1. Create or edit the `mcp.json` file at `~/.kiro/settings/mcp.json` (global) or `<project-root>/.kiro/settings/mcp.json` (local) with the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create or open either the global `mcp.json` file at `~/.kiro/settings/mcp.json` or the local file at `<project-root>/.kiro/settings/mcp.json`. 
1. Add following configuration to your `mcp.json` file:
```

</Tab>

<Tab heading="Kiro">

1. Verify [Kiro CLI](https://kiro.dev/docs/cli/) or [Kiro IDE](https://kiro.dev/downloads/) is installed.

> 1. Verify MCP support is configured, refer to the [Kiro CLI MCP documentation](https://kiro.dev/docs/cli/mcp/) or [Kiro IDE MCP documentation](https://kiro.dev/docs/mcp/) for more information. For Kiro IDE, enable MCP support via **Settings** (`Cmd+,` / `Ctrl+,`) and search for "MCP".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Verify MCP support is configured, refer to the [Kiro CLI MCP documentation](https://kiro.dev/docs/cli/mcp/) or [Kiro IDE MCP documentation](https://kiro.dev/docs/mcp/) for more information. 

    For Kiro IDE, enable MCP support by pressing the `Cmd+,` or `Ctrl+,` keys to open the **Settings** page, then search for MCP.
```

> 1. Create or edit the `mcp.json` file at `~/.kiro/settings/mcp.json` (global) or `<project-root>/.kiro/settings/mcp.json` (local) with the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create or open either the global `mcp.json` file at `~/.kiro/settings/mcp.json` or the local file at `<project-root>/.kiro/settings/mcp.json`. 
1. Add following configuration to your `mcp.json` file:
```
